Closes #1288 (#1289)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/solid-start/reference/client/client-only.mdx

title: clientOnly
---

The `clientOnly` function allows components or pages to render exclusively on the client side, bypassing server-side rendering (_SSR_).

> This is useful for code that relies on the browser, such as Web3 interactions (like `window.ethereum` for Ethereum-based dApps) or IndexedDB for client-side storage.

Reviewer: I would refrain from mentioning Web3 interactions directly for a couple of reasons: (1) it's a bit of a niche usage as opposed to more common cases (like `localStorage` or `location`), if it any point Web3 interactions stop depending on `window`, this entries becomes misleading without any issue with the actual API we're documenting.

Instead of adding direct examples, I'd suggest keeping it more vague.

```suggestion
This is useful for code that relies on the browser-specific APIs, such as `window` or `document`.
```

## How to Use `clientOnly` in Components

1. **Isolate Client-Only Logic**: Create a separate file for the component that depends on browser-specific features, such as DOM or browser APIs.

   ```tsx

>    // ClientOnlyComponent.tsx

Reviewer: you can add that as a title

````md
tsx title="ClientOnlyComponent"
````
